Now that they're all together.
there's an energy.
- Can you feel it?
- Kerwin: I must confess
I can't.
But...
- I can certainly feel you.
- Hm.
And to think...
This is nothing.
The weapons barely
have a trace
of their full power.
What do you mean?
That the powers have
diminished over time.
They need to be
brought back
to the source.
Oh.
The source?
You've spent weeks
decoding the scroll.
You've kept me at
a need to know...
I mean.
I accept that.
And yet...
The weapons need
to be returned
to an ancient temple
called The Forge.
hidden for many centuries.
Only then can the weapons
reach their full potential
and only then
can Biange truly begin.
Where's The Forge?
I'm working on that.
Translating the scroll
led me to the shape
of Lau's... constellation.
which led us to Lau
and the last weapon.
Your tattoo.
You have the stars
imprinted on your body.
But there's more
in here.
I've only been able
to translate parts of it.
But I can feel it.
I'm close.
Is there anything
I can do?
Mm-mm. No.
You can rest.
Oh. no. I can't.
Not without you.
I have work to do.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Gasp]
That's it.
What aren't we seeing?
Henry: Maybe I transcribed
the star map wrong.
No. You did it perfectly
5 times.
This is an exact copy
of the stars
projected from
the scabbard.
Okay. It has to be the map
to The Forge.
We just can't
see it yet.
Ok. so. we know
the star map is accurate.
All the stars and their
placements check out.
Except for Simon's
constellation tattoo.
His doesn't match
any known constellation
from western or Chinese
astronomy. so.
what is it doing here?
Maybe it's made up.
Superimposed.
"One of these things is
not like the other."
If the map leads
to The Forge.
the constellation has to
be some kind of key
to decoding the map.
Well. it's made up
of 8 stars.
There are 8 weapons.
We're trying to find
the birthplace of
those weapons.
- What else?
- I'm sorry.
I'm out of
my depth here.
We may need to
bring in an expert.
We don't have time.
Zhilan already has all
the weapons.
She doesn't have
the scabbard.
The scabbard may not be
the only clue to The Forge.
For all we know.
she already found another way.
We'll figure it out.
We'll get there before
Zhilan does.
Together.
Yeah.
Kerwin:
You never came to bed.
[Sigh]
I solved it.
Solved what?
The scroll.
Once I figured out
what Lau's
constellation actually was.
all the symbols just
snapped right into place.
It was the key.
The key to translating
the whole thing.
The scroll told me
everything I need.
I know how to find
The Forge.
*KUNG FU (2021)*
Season 01  Episode 12
Episode Title: "Sacrifice"
Aired on: July 14. 2021.
Nicky: He was with
Zhilan in Vegas.
Evan: Kerwin Tan...
Son of Russell Tan.
That surveillance photo
you showed us.
Zhilan just robbed
tan's headquarters
a couple nights ago.
What's his son doing
running around with her?
Maybe he's working
against his dad.
Russell Tan is
one of the richest
men in the world.
And one of
the most powerful.
He's got his fingers
in everything...
Fossil fuels.
data systems.
AI development.
And now Zhilan
has access
to the resources of
a billionaire's son.
Sorry. I just...
I thought maybe
I was getting ahead
of her.
Plus. Althea's wedding
is this weekend.
My po po's flying in
from China today.
so. everyone is gonna be
walking on eggshells.
Can't go worse
than her last visit.
That was
my bad.
I didn't get us
to dinner on time.
Mm. I think
it was more about
the guy you showed up
to dinner with.
Um... you should go.
Your family needs you.
I'll keep digging
into the Tans.
Maybe find something
you can use
to catch up to Zhilan.
Thank you. Evan.
Hey. Nicky?
I know
you feel hopeless
but whatever
you're looking for.
you'll find it.
How could you
know that?
Because you're
Nicky Shen.
Nicky: I'm here.
I'm here!
Sorry I'm late.
Hello?
Mama? Baba?
[Running footsteps]
Where have you been?
Go. Stir.
Ok.
Where is everybody?
Funny you should ask.
Dennis. Ryan. and baba
went paintballing
with the groomsmen.
They promised it'd be
a quick stress relief
before po po
showed up.
but then they got
stuck in traffic
and then po po's flight
came in early.
so. mama had to
drive to the airport
and pick her up alone.
leaving me
to cook and clean
and get the whole house
ready by myself.
Ok. soup's fine. Sweep.
I can do the counters. too.
Althea. please.
sit down. Relax.
Relax? Ha!
You know
how po po is
and how mama acts
when she's in town.
Everything has to be
sparkling clean.
The food has to be
prepared perfectly.
And everyone must be
on their best behavior.
"A happy po po
makes a happy mama."
And now a happy Althea.
You do realize no matter
how hard you try.
she will find
something to criticize.
Just stick to the script.
Business at Harmony dumplings
has been booming.
Mm-hmm. How about
Ryan? Does po po know?
No. she does not.
So. mama and baba
are just
shoving him back
in the closet?
Actually. that
was Ryan's idea.
Says he's still trying
to get over Joe.
The last thing
he wants is po po
digging into
his personal life.
And my script?
You're a lawyer now.
Congratulations.
Mm.
You got a big job
at a firm downtown.
Just try not
to mention
dropping out of college.
running away to
a Shaolin monastery.
fighting gangsters or
international criminals.
or anything regarding
the family sword legacy.
Last part will
be the hardest.
I know po po
rejected the legacy
but she's still
part of the bloodline.
What if she
knows something?
Even if she does.
do you think she's gonna
share it with us?
Please. Nicky.
just wait until
after the wedding is over.
The last thing I need
is a po po explosion.
[Soup bubbling]
Stir. Nicky. stir!
Kerwin: So. we get there.
to The Forge.
The weapons get
recharged.
All 8 weapons.
fully powered.
brought together.
then...
Biange... occurs?
Yes.
My father always said
it was... a transformation.
a global sea change
wielded by
whoever brought together
the weapons.
But... he always
made it sound like
the power would be
harnessed by
just one person.
and that's you. right?
Only one can
wield the power.
[Phone ringing]
It's my father.
[Phone beeps]
Russell speaking Mandarin...
Kerwin: Yeah.
Speaking Mandarin...
I'm sorry. dad.
It's over.
You've lost.
Perhaps.
but it's not too late for you.
What's that mean?
Come home
and this family
will be whole again.
[Slap] This family
was never whole!
You turned us
against each other.
made us compete
for your love.
And now I have
something you want.
I know
who you're with
and what that Zhang woman
is capable of.
You cannot trust her.
Kerwin.
Tell me this. father.
Ahem.
Does your offer
still stand
if I come home without
the weapons?
Would you forgive me
then?
Russell: Yes. son.
I would.
There is much you don't know
about all of this.
and it's so much more
than just the 8 weapons.
For now.
please come home.
I am home.
[Phone beeps]
- [Doorbell rings]
- She's here. It's happening.
Did we scrub
the bathroom?
Nicky: No.
Hi. mama.
Po po!
Speaking Mandarin...
Ohh. Nicky.
[Women giggling]
Eh? Why isn't
everyone here?
Uh. traffic is
really bad today.
They'll be here
any minute.
Speaking Mandarin...
[Speaking softly]
Traffic's clear.
Dennis isn't answering his phone
and neither is Ryan.
I have no idea
where they are.
- Po po: Althea. are you ready.
- Mm-huh?
For a tea ceremony?
- Yes. po po. Everything is set.
- Good.
I want to see you
in your qipao today.
Of course.
I love a fashion show.
[Po po sighs]
California
supposed to be warm.
yet this house.
it is always cold.
Well. po po.
it's San Fran...
I will start a fire.
And I will make some tea.
Althea: Mmm!
I ran out of time.
I didn't make it
to the store
for her favorite oolong.
- [Knocking on door]
- Oh. I think they're here.
Dennis?
Hey. babe.
Jin: Let's get him
in a chair.
- Nicky: What happened?
- Ryan: Dad was a Terminator
in the
paintball court.
Took Dennis down fast.
Not his fault.
I tripped.
Pulled a tendon.
I should be able
to walk normally
by the wedding.
- Althea: Should?
- Ryan: He'll be fine.
- Mei-li: Jin...
- Nicky: Baba...
Oh. Speaking Mandarin...
[Laughs]
This is the groom?
Jin: Uh...
Althea: Yes. po po.
This is Dennis.
Speaking Mandarin...
Oh!
Mei-li: Ha!
[Chuckles]
Ryan.
[Jin chuckles]
Po po: This house
is too hot.
Yes. po po.
Jin: Maybe this weekend
is not as stressful
as we thought.
Uh. heh.
I'll get cleaned up. Heh.
A personal fashion show
for po po
is the last thing
I need right now.
What happened to
pleasing her at all costs?
I have a thousand
details to go over
before the wedding.
and how is Dennis
supposed to walk down
the aisle
when he can't
even walk?
I think he'll look
cute in a cast.
He's wearing dress shoes
to that wedding
if it kills him.
So. Is Henry
coming to
dinner tonight?
Shens only.
Besides.
introducing Henry
to po po? Ugh.
That's like. no.
Maybe in a few years.
Maybe decades.
Huh. Years.
Decades.
I see someone's already
thinking long term.
Let's focus on one
wedding at a time. please.
[Sigh]
Mm
Pretty.
Let's do this.
[Snaps fingers]
Nicky: Ok.
Here she comes.
Dennis: Althea.
No.
It's wrong.
All wrong!
Take off.
You have to
take it off.
Come. come. come! Come!
[Fabric ripping]
Po po: Not right.
[Althea gasps]
Not right at all.
I worked so hard
with the designer.
I made that dress
perfectly.
[Fabric ripping]
- Dennis just left.
- [Sighs]
Po po wouldn't
let him go.
Says she can't wait
to see him tomorrow.
Well. at least
he's passing the test.
Did you tell her?
About auntie Mei-xue?
I can't even say
Mei-xue's name
in front of her.
I can't find my antacid.
I'll need them
before dinner.
Uh. there must be
some in the suitcase.
I'll get it.
[Phone buzzing]
Hey. Any luck?
I spent a few hours zooming
with an astronomy expert.
We didn't find anything.
[Sigh]
What are we missing?
Henry: I'll keep looking.
We'll find The Forge somehow.
- Henry: Nicky?
- Nicky: Sorry.
I found a photo of Mei-xue
in po po's wallet.
I guess she keeps
this photo close.
I think
I found something else.
A photo of po po maybe. like.
50 years ago. I...
What is it?
Henry.
she's holding the sword.
I think
po po was a warrior.
It's not exactly
what I pictured.
[Thunder]
I thought The Forge
would be
something... grander.
Historic. even.
It's just a little
side trip.
Something I need
you to see.
Come.
I grew up
a 10-minute
walk from here.
I passed these graves
every day
on my way to school.
Your parents.
They passed when
you were so young.
Before I was born.
my father worked at
an old textile factory.
That factory...
was built by
your father.
I... I didn't know
he owned
something so
far into the country.
Runoff
from the factory
made its way
into the soil.
then the groundwater.
When my mother was
pregnant with me.
she got sick.
My spinal condition.
her death during
my birth...
All the work
of your father.
The great Russell Tan.
Zhilan... hey.
I'm not
like my father.
I never knew
my mother.
And according to
my father and sister...
She was a kind woman.
a strong woman.
But not strong enough
to defeat her illness...
to survive
giving birth to me.
[Thunder]
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
[Knocking on door]
For tomorrow's deposition.
Thank you. Nadia.
Any luck with
the Tan files?
I put in
the request yesterday.
I thought it'd
clear by now.
Yes. they came.
D.A. Hughes kind of
intercepted them.
She wants all
your requests
going through her
from now on.
Even on cases
I'm assigned to?
Hmm.
Ok.
Thank you for
letting me know.
I'm sorry. Evan.
I know you're trying
to do good here.
It's such a shame.
those files
just sitting in
D.A. Hughes's office
and they'll be there
all night
until I return them to
the hall of records tomorrow.
Yeah.
That's... a shame.
Ryan: So.
you think
po po was a warrior
back in the day?
Swinging that mystical
sword around. kicking ass?
Maybe. I don't know.
Ahh. I mean.
I just don't see it.
I mean. look at her.
She's only
comfortable within
a 3-degree
temperature range.
Everything gives her
heartburn.
a headache.
or muscle cramps.
Have you seen the dispensary
she travels with?
I know it's hard
to imagine now.
but this photo was
a long time ago.
Po po may be
the only person
who can help me
get ahead of Zhilan.
Don't go digging. Nicky.
You could blow up
Althea's whole week.
Hey. what's
taking so long?
Po po's waiting.
Coming.
Why did you
bring me here?
[Thunder]
Is it
revenge?
Revenge against
my father?
[Sigh] That seems
so small.
His empire is
so much more
than you understand.
[Thunder]
AI technology.
predictive algorithms.
He's on his way
to data mining
everyone on this planet.
Then there's his
banking interests.
the defense contracts.
With the power of Biange
in his hands.
no one will be safe.
No one will
be free.
Only with Biange.
can I wipe his fingerprints
off the face
of the earth.
You want to erase him?
[Voice breaking]
Not just him.
Everything he holds
in this world.
You want to erase me?
No. I don't want to.
Kerwin. I have to.
No. I know you feel
what I feel.
I do.
I fell in love
with you. Kerwin.
It was an accident.
It wasn't part
of the plan.
But loving you.
it doesn't change
what you are.
What am I?
A liability.
I love you. Kerwin.
But I'll never
completely trust you.
Attack me
if you want. but
I won't fight you.
[Both grunt]
[Groans]
[Thud]
[Thunder]
Po po. would you like
a Jiaozi?
So. who's getting
married next?
Ryan?
Ahem. Hmm?
Is there
lucky woman in your life?
I told you. po po.
Too busy.
Medical school.
Rounds at clinic.
Po po:
You are a man.
You got some time.
But you. there must be
some good men
at law firm.
Tell me about
your job.
Nicky: Yes. um.
the law.
I work at yan hartley
and associates.
Long hours.
Lots of paperwork.
Po po: At your age.
you should be working hard.
[Jin chuckles]
Po po: You 3 keep working hard
and maybe it will have been
worth it after all.
What was worth it?
Po po: Your mother
leaving me years ago
when I had just lost a child.
To open a restaurant.
of all things.
Mama...
A bride. a doctor.
a lawyer.
You see? All good.
Nicky: I'm not a lawyer.
[Jin choking. coughing]
I didn't even graduate college.
Dropped out
one semester shy.
Mei-li: Nicky!
[Laughter]
Stop joking.
Po po doesn't
appreciate your humor.
Althea: Yeah. Nicky.
Stop being so silly.
Tell her about the benefits.
No.
I'm not lying anymore.
Po po. I didn't
go to law school.
I spent 3 years
at a Shaolin monastery
learning kung fu.
My Shifu. Zhang Pei-Ling
taught me
more about life
than I ever learned
at Harvard.
I've sat here
all night
watching you guys tie
yourselves in knots
to keep the truth
from you.
But I know you
keep secrets. too.
po po. this photo.
You held the sword.
I need to know
what happened to you.
How did you...
You went looking
through my things.
- How dare you? Ah?
- Mei-li: Ma.
Ma...
Sorry.
Oh. boy.
[Voice breaking]
Ma.
Nicky is a warrior.
I have made mistakes
but I am so proud
of the woman
I have raised.
and I will not apologize
for who she has become.
Mama...
Like Mei-xue...
Nicky deserves the truth.
The whole truth.
Po po: It was
almost 50 years ago.
before you and Mei-xue
were born.
I knew almost nothing
about the sword
or our warrior blood
until she came...
The woman in
the photograph...
Fang-su.
Your shifu's mother.
At first. I was
so scared.
This stranger knew
so much about me.
She was desperate
for my help.
Fang-su was the keeper
of the sword.
Its guardian.
It was the first
I learned
about guardians.
about the sword.
about the 8 weapons.
Fang-su warned of
the mysterious energy.
- Nicky: Biange.
- Po po: Yes.
Fang-su said
a band of thieves
had a plan to
steal the sword.
and without me
to defend it.
fang-su worried
they would win. Heh.
Can you imagine
how that sounded?
I was a chosen warrior
meant to keep
a powerful energy
from falling into
the wrong hands.
It actually doesn't
sound so crazy to me.
She showed me how
to use the sword.
The sword was
communicating with me.
Its energy... it became
part of me.
Then the thieves
found us.
I doubted
I was ready.
but with the sword
in my hands.
I felt like
I had been training
my whole life.
[People grunting]
The sword's power
scared me.
In the heat of battle.
it felt as if the sword
controlled me
as much as
I controlled it.
I didn't want that.
I wanted the life
I had.
the life I had planned...
A family. Children.
To be a warrior.
I would've lost all that.
and I had promised
to myself
that no one in my family
would bear
the burden
of the warrior again.
And that's why you
tried to stop Mei-xue
from going after the sword.
Yes. I wanted
to protect her.
Let it go.
All of it.
This isn't something
I can run from.
Destiny brought me
to pei-ling.
She was a guardian.
like her mother.
She died trying
to protect the sword.
Pei-ling's sister
wants Biange to herself.
She has all 8 weapons.
She's already so dangerous.
that kind of power can't
end up in her hands.
Choose another path.
I didn't choose
this path. po po.
It chose me.
What is it?
Let me see.
Do you recognize
the symbols?
These symbols represent
the 7 struggles.
Great battles fought
with the 8 weapons.
7 struggles. 7 battles.
Does that mean anything?
Well. the defeat of
kublai Khan's army
in southern China was one.
and we found a few more
in the history books...
Battles we thought might've
involved the weapons. but
we didn't have
a way to prove it.
What'd she say?
Did she know where the 7 battles were?
Um. she read them
off my hand.
Chongqing. lingzang.
jiading. now called leshan.
Hang on.
Slow down.
Chonqing... uh-huh.
Then there was sicheng.
baoqing. and nanning.
- Henry: Nicky..
- Nicky: What?
That's it.
That's Lau's constellation.
Nicky: What do you mean?
Henry: The scabbard map.
We've been
looking up at the sky
trying to find
the answers in the stars.
We should've been
looking at the ground.
The locations
of the 7 struggles
match the stars in
Simon Lau's constellation.
Ok. but Simon's tattoo
had 8 points.
What if the eighth point
is The Forge?
Nicky. it's in yunnan.
I think The Forge
is at the monastery.
[Sigh]
This whole time...
Zhilan could already
be on her way there.
The monks. my sisters.
I have to go now.
I'll call you back.
How much of that
did you hear?
Enough.
So. you're leaving?
You're gonna miss
the wedding?
[Crying]
I'm sorry. Althea.
But I don't
know what choice...
[sniffles]
Yeah.
You do.
[Sniffles] I hate
this but...
[Sniffling]
You have to go.
[Softly]
I'm sorry.
[Sniffles]
[Mei-li and Jin
speaking indistinctly]
Althea: Ahem.
Nicky has something
to tell us.
I'm leaving.
Where are you going?
The monastery.
Mama. the sword.
this birthright...
Our family has suffered
for generations
because of it.
Po po. you...
ran away
because you were afraid
of its power.
Auntie Mei-xue
went into hiding.
Mama. your secrets
nearly tore us
all apart.
It has to end.
How?
It-It's been this way
for generations.
I don't know how.
But I'm going back
to where it began.
where the weapons
were made.
I think the answer is there.
Po po: Nicky. you don't
know the danger.
I can't pass it on
to Althea's kids
or Ryan's kids
or my kids.
When?
Tonight.
Zhilan has
all 8 weapons.
I can't wait.
I'm going to free us.
I'm going to end Biange
once and for all.
[Lock beeps]
[Clicking]
Hey. Almost ready.
Feeling like I should
bring everything.
but I don't think I
could fit a corkboard
in my bag.
You got your
passport. right?
Henry... I think I should
do this on my own.
This is my fight
for my family
and I... dragged you
into this.
and you've been amazing.
but it's time
I let you go.
Let me go?
But I want to do this.
I know.
That's what makes
this so hard.
Is this about Vegas?
Tan's son gets the jump on me
and now I'm not fit
- to come with you?
- No. it isn't that.
Seeing you hurt...
Seeing Simon killed...
It felt... It felt like
the night at
the monastery.
Watching Pei-Ling
die.
losing so many
of my sisters.
I was... powerless
to stop it
like I was powerless
to protect Simon
and... what if
I can't protect you?
- What if...
- Nicky. that's not your job.
[Voice breaking]
I love you.
And I can't lose you.
And because I can't
lose you.
I can't risk
worrying aboutcyou
while I'm there.
What about me. huh?
What. am I supposed
to stay behind.
with... no idea
what you're doing.
if you're safe.
if you're even alive?
I can't. I can't let you
go alone because...
I love you. too.
I believe in you.
But there's so much
that we don't know
about The Forge.
about Biange.
and...
if Zhilan finds you...
I know.
[Softly] I'm scared.
[Sniffles]
Then let me help.
[Softly] You have.
It's my choice.
I have to go.
Did you know?
That I was a warrior?
Your warrior?
What do you think?
I think that your mother
trained my po po.
I think that our families
have been intertwined
for over 1.000 years.
How could you
not know?
Why didn't you tell me?
You know
I cannot answer that.
It doesn't matter.
Either way. I have
to do this alone.
Links in a chain
hold strong together.
If being home has
taught you anything.
it is that the people
around you.
the people
you care for.
are what make you
strong.
I can't let anyone
take this risk with me.
This... warrior destiny
is my burden.
The Nicky shen I met
did not like
following the path
laid out for her.
She always chose
her own way.
What is in your heart. hmm?
What do you want?
Henry: My favorite candy.
Speaking Mandarin...
Used to sneak out of the
wushu academy into Beijing
just to buy these.
Can't get these
in the bay area.
- I'm glad you're here.
- I'm glad you changed your mind.
Woman speaking Mandarin...
[Sighs]
Well?
Po po!
What do you think?
And it fits like
a dream.
- I can actually breathe in it.
- [Laughs]
Most importantly.
it will hold its shape
when you bend
and serve me tea.
- Mei-li: Oh!
- Althea: Oh.
[Giggles]
[Laughter]
Psst. Hey.
How's it going up there?
- Looks like they're having fun.
- What?
Like actual
relaxed fun.
What?
[laughter upstairs]
Nicky's gonna
be ok. baba.
Whatever happens.
I believe in her.
I do. too.
Speaking of your sister.
she left you something.
On the living room table.
Come on.
Ahem.
"The Althea Shen
man of honor playbook:
Hmm. "How to guarantee
Althea's wedding day
is the best day of
her entire life."
She wanted to make
sure you got it...
And follow it
to a tee.
It's almost like
a part of her
knew she
wouldn't be here.
Wherever she is.
I hope she finds
what she's looking for.
Henry: It's beautiful here.
Yeah.
I've missed it.
I'm just glad I was
able to see it.
Did you know they
were restoring it?
I knew they were
rebuilding. but...
Seeing it myself...
You know her?
I'll introduce you.
Nicky: Hua?
Nicky?
Speaking Mandarin...
Hello. Henry.
and welcome.
Thank you for allowing
me into this space.
The monastery...
What you all have done
is incredible.
Pei-Ling would be proud.
Why did you come back?
Is everything ok?
The woman who killed Shifu
is more dangerous
than ever.
Whatever comes.
we are ready.
We train every day.
preparing ourselves
to defend our home.
This time. we won't
be caught unaware.
Woman: Nicky?
- Biyu.
- Woman: Oh!
It's so good to see you.
Did Hua show you?
What we discovered?
This way.
This was covered
with oak.
a false wall.
The wall was burned
in the fire.
What's inside?
Had it not been
for the fire.
we never would have
found this.
Nicky. do you know
what this is?
It looks like
some kind of door.
To what?
I think it leads
to The Forge.
[Drums. gong]
- Henry: What's that sound?
- Hua: Intruder.
[Woman shouting in mandarin]
What are you
doing here?
I'm here for you.
For Biange.
Nicky Shen.
we have so much
to talk about.
Sync corrections by srjanapala
Man: Greg.
move your head.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm